well I was a young man when we watched
the moon landing on a little
black-and-white TV set in our living
room and of course like everybody else
in the world I was awestruck by it I was
also sure that one day we'd end up going
to the moon and that thousands of others
would also have the chance to go and
well that dream hasn't yet become a
reality but the moon landing inspired us
to set up Virgin Galactic and hopefully
that plus you know what Elon Musk is
doing and one or two others will be the
start of a whole new era of space travel
so just say to say thank you for the
inspiration and watch this space of the
future my girlfriend's brother and I
Jerry we were jumping in and out of the
pool of getting updates every i would
say every three to five minutes did
something happen you know how close are
they did they walk yet and I remember
feeling a remarkable change in not just
history but in aerospace and aviation I
truly congratulate that great crew of
Neil Armstrong and michael collins and
Buzz Aldrin and the incredible work of
NASA and the vision of president john f
kennedy i remember talking about this
momentous event for at least our week
and of course as young people we've got
a dream the apollo people in their
pollination they have demonstrated or
mankind is able to do and to achieve
they have inspired so many people as an
eight-year-old sitting in front of a
black-and-white television in my living
room listening to my dad narrate trying
to explain to me what the grainy image
was and I had no idea of what a profound
impact that would have
you